{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Eirik Rolland Enger\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b PhD candidate}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 PhD candidate at the complex systems modelling group at the Department of Physics and Technology, University of Troms\u248?. Fond of abstract ideas, free open-source software and skiing.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2020\u8211-2024 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i PhD, Climate Physics at the University of Troms\u248?} (Troms\u248?, Norway)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: Deep Learning Approaches to the Self-Awesomeness Estimation Problem}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2015\u8211-2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i MS in Space Physics at the University of Troms\u248?} (Troms\u248?, Norway)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Thesis title: A model for IS spectra for magnetized plasma with arbitrary isotropic velocity distributions.} Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hdl.handle.net/10037/19542"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://hdl.handle.net/10037/19542
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018\u8211-Now\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Teacing Assistant at University of Troms\u248?} (Troms\u248?, Norway).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab FYS-2000 Quantum Mechanics (S18)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab FYS-0100 Basic Physics (F18,F19)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab FYS-2009 Sun, planets and space (F20,F21)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab FYS-3002 Techniques for investigating the near-earth space environment (S21)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2019 (2 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Summer student at FFI \u8212- Norwegian Defence Research Establishment} (Kjeller, Norway).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 During eight weeks in the summer of 2019 I worked at the FFI, continuing the project on software defined radios from 2018. The goal this summer was to be able to do real time spoofing of a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System) receiver, meaning it should be possible for the spoofer to make adjustments to the path the fake signal gives, in real time. Multiple open-source projects was used, some of which I modified or wrote myself during the project. The added code was written in Python, and the complete project can by found in my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/engeir/bladeGPS-Game"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
bladeGPS-Game repository
}}}
. The project ended in a successful demonstration of real-time controlling of a spoofing signal.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018 (3 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Summer student at FFI \u8212- Norwegian Defence Research Establishment} (Kjeller, Norway).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 During nine weeks in the summer of 2018 I worked at the FFI on a project about software defined radios for use with jamming and spoofing of GNSS receivers. Open-source projects was used along with a number of different hardware, most notably the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ettus.com/all-products/ub210-kit/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
USRP
}}}
. At the end of the period, spoofing of both GNSS receivers and a phone was demonstrated, and a report documenting the project was written.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Website\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 I have a website called {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://flottflyt.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
flottflyt.com
}}}
 where I put up projects I work in my spare time, as well as any other content I find interesting. For example I have my own NFT storefront on the website that uses the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.metaplex.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
metaplex
}}}
 protocol on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://solana.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Solana
}}}
 blockchain.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 I maintain the project {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncdump-rich.readthedocs.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ncdump-rich
}}}
} which is published on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pypi.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PyPI
}}}
. This is a previewer for quickly showing formatted metadata in {\f1 .nc} files, written in python. I also contributed to {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Naheel-Azawy/stpv"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
stpv
}}}
} which is a general previewing tool to be used within the terminal.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b python:} Have been programming in python for four years with increasing intensity, creating multiple projects over the years. See my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/engeir"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github
}}}
 for a closer look at the different repositories.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:eirik.r.enger@uit.no"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
eirik.r.enger@uit.no
}}}
 \u8226? +47 477 19 556 \u8226? 25 years old\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://eirikenger.xyz"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
eirikenger.xyz
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/engeir"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/eirik-rolland-enger/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
linkedin
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/EngerEirik"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
twitter
}}}
\line Grenseveien 6, 9011 Troms\u248?, Norway\line \line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../output/resume.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
pdf version
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../output/resume.docx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
doc version
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../output/resume.rtf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
rtf version
}}}
 \u8226? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../output/resume.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
html version
}}}
\par}
}
